1- “Welcome to the world of C Programming.” Program that prints the message on the screen.

2- A program that requests a number to be entered and writes the entered number to the screen.

3- A program that asks the user to enter two numbers and prints the sum of these two numbers on the screen.

4- A program that calculates the area and perimeter of a square whose side is entered.

5- Program to find the square and perimeter of a rectangle whose two sides are entered.

6- Program to find the area and perimeter of a circle whose radius is entered.

7- A program that calculates the required speed by asking the user about the distance to be traveled and the arrival time.

8- A program that asks the user's age and calculates it in months, weeks, days, hours, minutes and seconds.

9- A program that finds whether an entered number is odd or even.

10- A program that asks the user to enter 3 numbers and compares the magnitude of the numbers.

11- Program to find the distance between two points whose coordinates are given.

12- A program that tests whether a person whose age is entered is eligible to vote in elections.

13- Program that detects whether the entered year is a leap year or not.

14- Program that prints the status corresponding to an entered note.

15- Program that checks whether the letter entered from the keyboard is a vowel.

16- Program that names the day corresponding to the day number of the week.

17- A program that calculates the current date and time

18- A program that writes the life span corresponding to an entered age on the screen.

19- Program that can perform simple four operations and modular arithmetic operations.

20- A program that finds the type of triangle based on the three entered sides of a triangle.

21- A program that asks the user about their marital status, how many children they have if married, and gives the necessary message.

22- A program that finds out whether an entered number is a Prime Number.

23- Program that counts forward from 1 to 25 and backwards from 25 to 1.

24- A program that prints all natural numbers from 1 to 50, odd and even numbers separately.

25- Program that calculates the factorial of an entered number.

26- Program that lists the prime numbers between two entered numbers.

27- A program that asks the user to enter a number and prints the entered number on the screen until the user enters a negative number.

28- A program that calculates the power of an entered number.

29- Program that creates a pyramid with the * character.

30- Program that creates a Pascal's Triangle.

31- Program that prints the multiplication table for an entered number.

32- Write a program that functions as a simple calculator that can be run again as long as the user wants?

33- A program that finds the sum of the digits in an entered number.

34- A Program that prints the entered number in reverse.

35- If an entered number is a prime number, the program lists the next 10 prime numbers.

36- A program that asks the scores of a number of students given by the user and finds the sum and average of these scores.

37- A program that sorts and lists the numbers entered by the user from smallest to largest and average.

38- A program that number guessing game.

39- A program that finds the average height and weight of students by asking their height and weight.

40- A program that finds a searched number among the numbers given in a series.

41- Program that lists the even, odd and prime numbers of 10 numbers separately.

42- A Program to Convert Number to Binary (Base 2)

43- A program that finds the range of the entered number using the binary search method.

44- A program that sorts the 5 numbers entered by the user in the order desired by the user and lists them on the screen.

45- A program that asks the user for the values of a 3*3 matrix and prints the matrix on the screen.

46- A program that adds two 3*3 matrices entered by the user and prints the result on the screen.

47- A program that prints a 4*4 matrix and its transpose to the screen, where the user gives the values.

48- Program to find out whether the entered matrix is symmetric or not.

49- A program that requests a word up to 10 characters and prints it on the screen.

50- A program that finds which of the two entered words is longer.

51- Program that displays the full name by combining the first and last name information entered separately.

52- Program that calculates the number of characters of the entered word.

53- Program that finds the number of vowels in the entered word.

54- A program that finds how many characters the user wants in the entered sentence.

55- A program that returns the reverse of a text entered by the user.

56- A program that sorts the letters of an entered text in alphabetical order.

57- A program that converts a text entered by the user into uppercase letters.

58- A program that converts all initial letters of words in a text entered by the user to uppercase letters.

59- A program that converts a decimal number entered by the user into binary format.

60- A program that takes the names and ages of students from the user and sorts them from youngest to oldest.

61- A program that calculates whether a number entered by the user is prime or not by using a function.

62- Multiplication table of an entered number using a function

63- A program that calculates the factorial of an entered number with the help of a function.

64- A program that calculates the area and perimeter of a circle whose radius is given using a function.

65- A program that converts the first letters of all words in an entered text to uppercase.

66- A program that asks a person's name, age, car model and price according to their structure and prints them on the screen.

67- Program that gives the sum of two time periods entered by the user.

68- A program that asks the user for information about 3 athletes and lists them in a straight order.

69- A program that asks the name, author, price, subject, page and publishing house of the book as many times as the user enters, and allows sorting and searching through a menu after the information is entered.

70- A program that prints the digits of an entered number on the screen by lettering them in order.

71- A program that returns the value and address of an entered number using a pointer.

72- Program that gives the sum and difference of two numbers using pointer.

73- Program to find the roots of a quadratic equation with one unknown.

74- Program to find the square of the numbers from 1 to 7 and the sum of the squares.

75- A program that finds the amount of available memory while running on the DOS operating system.

76- A program that reads the value of a variable from its address in memory using a pointer and prints it on the screen.

77- An example program for using General Functions, sorting and finding the average..

78- A program that sorts the numbers entered by the user using the "Bubble Sort" sorting algorithm.

79- A program that sorts the numbers entered by the user using the "Selection Sort" sorting algorithm.

80- A program that sorts the numbers entered by the user using the "Shell Sort" sorting algorithm.

81- Program that prints Pascal's Triangle with a maximum of 100 digits on the screen.

82- Program to find pi number with 0.0001 error


http://www.ckutuphanesi.com/tum-ornek-projeler/